[Music]
wasn't to the breakdown when we break
down all the messed up [ __ ]
y'all kept blowing me up saying stuff
like do I Spit on Your Grave or do the
next I Spit on Your Grave well first of
all there is no I Spit on Your Grave for
but there is an I Spit on Your Grave oh
[ __ ] here we go again that we've been
waiting on
turns out they wanted to release us some
time ago finally okay
not all [ __ ] here you go again it's deja
vu but basically the same thing right
now about a year and three months ago I
started off this series with I Spit on
Your Grave i watch the movie online in
my dorm room making sure to turn the
screen away from my roommate from saying
it I uploaded that video and probably
about six subscribers one is my friend
GTA man the other five are different
different accounts belonging to me so
just like Halloween there are many
timelines I Spit on Your Grave 1978 it's
in his own universe while I Spit on Your
Grave 2010 is in his rebooted universe
this movie is the official sequel to I
Spit on Your Grave 1978 detailing
Jennifer Hills and her daughter who have
to deal with the family of the rapist
from 1978 it takes place 40 years after
I Spit on Your Grave
Jennifer Hills has a place in my heart
since she was the first character I
immersed into and it's truly the other
mask out of this channel so get ready I
Spit on Your Grave deja vu or day of the
woman deja vu the original is an
extremely disturbing movie because it
shows extremely a realistic
interpretations of rape but this is
still a sight to see so let's get into
the breakdown cue to go home
[Music]
forty years after Michael Myers Taub
Haddonfield and Jennifer Hills cut dicks
off the old rural town still echoes her
name in fact the whole goddamn world
speaks the legend of Jennifer Hills who
authored a book about the events of the
Ray titled I Spit on their graves
remember this gas station exactly it's
the same one that Jennifer visited that
sadly got her put in the spotlight of
some [ __ ] it's still being used by
who by the wife of Johnny Johnny was
this guy the leader of the game Johnny's
wife is named Becky and she is listening
to a radio show that has Jennifer Hills
as a guest she's basically doing what
I'm doing recapping but Becky also looks
at a magazine with the motto named
Christina Hills looks like Jennifer
Hills birth to daughter named Christina
who is the supermodel of the year speak
of the devil Jennifer Hills herself
after all these years I mean the other
Jennifer was cool but it's my homegirl
right here and she pushed out a gorgeous
daughter named Christie Jennifer has
been a single mom for a while I wonder
what happened to the dead but Christie
is like the world's most famous model
she is tired of the sensational career
in the baggage that comes along with it
but like a good mama
Jennifer says that I'll support you
through every decision as they leave the
restaurant somebody in this van is
paying a close eye these two guys named
Kevin and Scott asked Jennifer for an
autograph on her book they're eccentric
as [ __ ] but Jennifer is a nice woman so
she signs their books the problem is
that they are just getting ready for a
silent takedown and Jennifer is held
from behind Christie fights with him
screaming loud as hell and [ __ ] but what
did she'd say he said that
good chick plus she gets ko it into next
week they drag both Jennifer in the van
as well as Christy the van comes through
to the gas station and Becky gets in
acting like the damn mastermind she's
like why is Christina here she ain't got
nothing to do with this but maybe we
will save her for later
Becky's like I said the husband of Jonny
who was cut down in the testicles
remember before Jennifer was bumping
Playboy cardi so let me get this
straight
y'all waited 40 years to get Jennifer I
mean based on later dialogue they seem
to have no problem traveling to New York
where Jennifer actually lives but I
guess they just wanted to want her to be
there first like what after that's sad
right Jennifer let some know look you
can do whatever you want to me but my
daughter she better get a first-class
trip back to New York they um
actually agree with Jennifer and so they
dragged mommy and scott takes Christie
back to New York
they bring Jennifer to a man named
Herman who is the father of Matthew
remember him they bullied Jennifer
basically just all types of [ __ ] talking
seems the plan is to hang her just like
how Jennifer hanging Matthew forty years
ago I loved how Jennifer just mean loves
everyone though they make her dig her
own grave but I don't think miss Hills
is just gonna do what they say she was
just waiting for the right opportunity
with the gun she is the boss and caused
them more on Hicks saying she'll be back
for them I guess there was a contingency
plan just in case Jennifer escaped
because this actually seems like it's
the most preferable while Jennifer is
continuously manipulating the surface
she is on top of Christie is trying to
speak some sense into this annoying
idiot holding the wheel she eventually
convinces him to let her go potty
but looks like she actually plans on
total rady while he gets nasty she hits
him over the head and then the boss and
then the boss again I wouldn't just
leave him like that but she only has
mommy on her mind so she Sprint's to the
van like a GTA character leaving this
[ __ ] stranded while Christie races
for Mom Jennifer is traveling down at
Old Town
only stopping when she is selling
playing a brand new guitar I'm kidding
it's just some crazy old woman on a bike
she tells Jennifer that you're gonna get
hunted down before going right back to
Grove Street Becky gets an ATV from the
station to HUD down her prey while
Jennifer runs into two crazy old drunks
these loony as folk help Jennifer out
driving super slow and chewing her ear
out with nonsense thirty seconds after
she gives into the damn truck they kick
her out because they realized no police
officers are in this town should I tell
her to wait until they can bring back
help coincidentally Jennifer finds that
she is at the same church that she went
to forty years ago to speak to God about
the revenge he was gonna partake in she
also sees the graves of her attackers
which caused Jennifer demonic Becky is
looming in the background
so Jennifer cliche lee hi's in the grave
until she roams elsewhere she runs to
the church but is caught by Becky
realizing that her power level has
lowered after 40 years she begs Becky to
spare her daughter but like a badass she
says she has no regrets
in response Jennifer has her neck slit
many times Jennifer has her head [ __ ]
cut off I I don't [ __ ] with that now I
know now I know how you angry Game of
Thrones fans feel I don't [ __ ] with this
at all it better be a dream you don't
kill Jennifer Hills she's the reason I'm
even watching this damn movie so after
coming to terms with the death of 1978
continuity Jennifer Hills Christie has
to come to terms with it - for some
unknown reason she knew to come to the
church discovering her mom was
brutalized corpse okay precisely that is
the correct way to react when disturbing
Queen Jennifer Hills is murder
whatever realistically though I imagine
how damaging the site is to see your mom
dead
Plus her head is off his hinges I'm so
high he hurt though Christie looks for
another way into the church to ask for
help since the doors locked but when she
gets back to the main entrance she fuzz
her mother's corpse is gone
by some bastards in the van she runs
away into the woods
seeing her me she gets grabbed by this
ugly [ __ ] Kevin and Kevin influences her
men to rape her he tears all her clothes
off but he is impotent he can't get hard
so he sits back unless Kevin raper he
knocks her out first though kind of glad
cuz after irreversible I don't think I
could listen to any more crying so yeah
that happens kind of reminds me up Last
House on the Left Christie gets back up
doing the walk I always hate viewing
only to run into Becky she just talks
her usual jealous nonsense
until Christie stops the gums out her
mouth but remember what Jed said that's
a good chick again
Herman starts to see that what they're
doing isn't right at all it helps
Christie escape Becky's unwanted
advances Christie just like her mother
once did and her mother in a whole
different universe walks through the
forest hiding from her attackers in fact
she waits all night long
in the morning she gets out of the tree
trunk to wash up as best as she can but
also find a change of clothes
coincidentally though Christie walked
past the house that Jennifer Hill stayed
in Christie finds a change of clothes
near Herman's residence and her face
already shows that taste for justice
that I've already seen plenty of times
Herman is just out doing yard work stuff
like that but grabs a sickle out of a
tree to tear down the very thing
reminding him of his dead son while
Herman deals with that Christie is just
inside eating after a long day but she's
already planning her attack
Herman later hears a noise going inside
to see Christie with that classic grin
he tries to shoot her but she took all
the bullets out already after knowing he
would use it he runs out and goes out
back to find this assault rifle this
gta3 ass gun but she is already gone
he believes her to be in shock to [ __ ]
and shoots inside she used this
opportunity to attack and hissing with a
sickle watching him dancing pain he says
why me but she mocks him by saying you
forgive me don't you since I spit on
your grandpa tag and it's like to give
people a taste of their
medicine I feel as if her saying that
means he probably said it to suck up to
the other three
she jacks Herman's ride and drives up to
the gas station where Becky is Scott and
Kevin also meet up there to brown-nose
but most importantly they have the
mission to go find where Christy is she
follows them leaving behind Herman's car
so they can investigate while Kevin
searches for Herman Christy pops up like
Herman is dead he thinks he has the
better hand until Christiane reveals
hers she makes him strip just like how
Jennifer made Johnny strip also like her
mother she plays the nice girl giving
him a flower and [ __ ] she manipulates
him into believing that she actually
cares about him DejaVu right she asks
him to take her back to New York which
he has no problems worth because his
whole forgettable dialogue during the
previous car ride involves him wishing
to leave this place behind she lets him
play with her goodies and even gives him
a [ __ ] but secretly she is just gonna
shoot this bastard she then decides on
something a bit more personal and stabs
him in the dick just like Johnny though
the orgasm just matched the pain for a
bit Scott is in the car listening to
Porto trip by Asha falero only to get
out once the screaming bumps louder
Scott runs out there Christy but she
says I ain't got my mom's patience I go
straight for the balls and he gets shot
in the balls but um barely any reaction
instead of him crying in pain he's all
like why'd he do this
she makes him lay down after this cringy
display and points the gun to his butt
saying [ __ ] your [ __ ]
well that was probably the golden
chainsaw honestly becky searches for
Herman but finds him dead she also so
happens to track down Scott and Kevin's
bodies while she investigates Christy
pops up an axe where her mama's body is
probably would have been best to ask the
last two idiots who killed cuz this
[ __ ] wants to die that anger makes her
take a nail but right before she gets
her neck slit though
two goons save her and beat the [ __ ] out
her Becky like they literally killed
Becky for her she's finished when
Christy hits her over the head with a
bottom the goons say they know where
Jennifer is she's buried next to your
father
what oh I see
so Jennifer was impregnated by one of
the rapists most likely Johnny since the
second rate was sodomy in Matthew was
probably impotent they'd bring her to
the mother's grave and Christy reveals
that justice prevailed and the two goons
also point Johnny as the father hey guys
before we go on does anybody think
that's kind of weird if the original
took place 40 years ago then that would
have to mean christy is 40 years old she
looks a lot younger than that though
like maybe 29 at the most I mean 40 is
still young but it just seems like she
isn't that old yet just about the
context of her dialogue okay whatever
Christy understands everything now such
as why Jennifer never told her but she
is still mighty proud to be the
offspring of the legendary grave spitter
Christy asked for their help to
transport the body back to New York to
give her a funeral that were rival of
presidents just as they are about to
lift the body the woman who rode on to
Jennifer on the bike
suddenly kicks Christy into the grave
it's revealed that the two drunk UN's
we're just stringing Christy along in
fact they are the grandparents of
Christy meaning that they are the
parents of John this was just a part of
their grand plan
no wonder they just randomly left
Jennifer off by the church they
basically bully Christy screaming
religious phrases at her and beating her
over the head with a shovel they really
beat her too and eventually Christy
falls down and the three all believed
that their work is finished
Christy was unsurprisingly not ready to
lay down so she gets out of that grate
and shovels the [ __ ] out of that crazy
old bat
she didn't knocks her crazy grandma onto
the ground and digs right into that old
bat stomach she picks up a shotgun
telling her grandpa to carry the body to
my new truck he is so basically lost in
despair stolen return of doing what she
asks he asks her to kill him Christina
sighs though that a better punishment is
living unknown to Christie though her
grandpa can summit uh persona and tries
to but he used the wrong type of gun and
just ended up blowing his brains out
okay seriously he just killed himself
Christie says may God have mercy on you
grandpa Christie walks into the same
church her mom walked into getting on
her knees saying straight up I ain't
come for forgiveness everything I did
was an eye for an eye
she then randomly takes the [ __ ]
cross off the wall and lays it on the
floor what does that represent y'all
this movie ends and the two children of
Becky roll up to the gas station looking
for remember those two brats Christie
drives right by with her mom's body in
the trunk the two kids say I wonder who
that was Christina Hills has secured
revenge against the people who killed
her mother by killing the entire guilty
bloodline that was related to those
rapist back in 1978 pretty cool too the
Sox are bringing back to them but kill
Jennifer used to do it objection
no that's I don't agree with that plot
point it's not acceptable but Christie
Hills still follow the example in out of
respect to the original Jennifer Hills I
gotta say this snot setting up the woman
who cleans guys don't [ __ ] with him are
you gonna get [ __ ] up now let's get to
the spooky stuff
[Music]
hey spooky did you like this movie no
not at all it's honestly easily my least
favorite movie in this franchise
I read reply on irreversible that said
it wasn't even that disturbing I see
what you mean I mean it honestly felt
Kemetic showed me way too much of these
unintimidating idiots who served as the
antagonist kevin was just ugly as hell
get off the screen so much trying so
hard to be crazy Scott was just Becky it
was just annoying to the rape isn't I
Spit on Your Grave original and remake
were crazy intimidated like I could I
almost identify with Jennifer the three
crinimal is in the Last House on the
Left were scarier than the idiots in
this movie and did they really have to
kill Jennifer killer by cutting her damn
head off I mean I kind of estndar
lastly it felt like a comedy really
there was there was barely any
seriousness in terms of what I prefer in
the series I said the original I Spit on
Your Grave then I spend your grave -
then I Spit on Your Grave remake then I
Spit on Your Grave three then this one
now on to it the most disturbing moment
is when they [ __ ] killed Jennifer
Hills I don't that's just not gonna sit
well with me at all
I understand if they were inclined to
pick the rape but that's like the most
disturbing moment in every movie in this
series the most enjoyment was probably
literally just seeing Miss Hills again
after 40 years I couldn't really truly
laugh or smile at any revenge that was
dealt in this movie and that's it I hope
you guys enjoyed the official secret ah
screw you great I don't know if they're
gonna make another one but this might be
the last one there are still plenty of
films like our spinning your grave out
there so maybe I'll get to UM one day
until next time spooky Oh